To our lovely friends who signed the petition:

Wow, it's been about almost two months since the launch of our public petition on Coworker.org. 
In the interim, many JPMC corporate sites have already started the 5-day return to office, while many more will be starting on April 21st, and several other corporations continue to follow the RTO trend. 
The reasons given are disingeuous and clearly refutable, which goes along with Jamie Dimon's blatant disregard for the nearly 2000 signatures on this petition. However, our efforts have not been in vain.

Through the process of publishing and promoting this petition, we have become more practiced at networking and organizing collective actions. This allows us to transition into the direction of unionization - 
as part of the modern Labor movement, another global trend which has arisen in response to the current state of the economy and job market.

The process of unionization is not a fast or easy one, but it is worthwhile. It cannot happen quickly enough to prevent us from having to choose between working in-office five days a week or working for a different company. 
But it can gradually give us leverage to prevent quality-of-life attacks like this in the future, and to make our workplace better for all employees. And in the meantime, it can give us much-needed hope, community, comradery, and shared resources.
We are currently growing our numbers, mapping our bargaining units, recruiting into un-tapped portions of the JPMC workforce, and overall, growing at the speed of trust. Interested in finding out more, or potentially joining the movement?

Here's how you can keep appraised of future unionization progress and collective actions we will be taking together: Sign up for the emailing list at https://actionnetwork.org/forms/jpmcworkers-signup

Here's how to become part of the planning and development team, and gain access to the community we are building in the process: https://jpmcworkers.com/contact

Here's an easy way for you to help spread the word: Print and display or distribute as many of these posters as you feel comfortable with. (Gather posters into a dropbox/repository and include the link here)

Here's what we especially need at this time:
PR and media spokespersons
In-office stewards who can recruit face-to-face and lead regular lunch meetings
People who are able to review JPMC practices in relation to labor law and other violations
People who are willing to submit reports, complaints, tips, and other forms of official outreach (both within the firm and via government routes) in order to grease the wheels of bureaucracy
People who can donate time, money, energy, or any other committment to the goal of improving our living and working conditions for the future.

As this will be the final communication sent via Coworker.org, we thank you kindly for your time in reading this, and hope to see you on the other side of action.
Sincerely,
The JPMC Workers' Alliance (JWA)
